Link to TypeScript 4.1 stable release (#3395)
reactjs/reactjs.org: content/blog/2020-09-22-introducing-the-new-jsx-transform.md

### TypeScript {#typescript}

> TypeScript supports the new JSX transform from [v4.1](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/typescript/announcing-typescript-4-1/#jsx-factories).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TypeScript supports the new JSX transform in [v4.1](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/typescript/announcing-typescript-4-1/#jsx-factories) and up.
```

To match the sentence in the flow section
